>> Lucas Ruebbelke: Let us do a review.
So this is gonna be
pretty straight forward.
In your working example,
create a new review feature.
So include the file structure,
component class, and template.
And then make it available to
the rest of the application.
And then what I would like you to
do is display the review component
in the application using its selector,
and then also via a route.
This is kind of like our
original challenge yesterday.
And then from there, just bind to
a simple property in the template.
So this could be name whatever.
And then just create a small array and
use a built in directive to
display that on the page.